# CS360.FinalProject
Mobile Application

The requirements of the project were to design a mobile application through Android Studio of an inventory database. The app was designed to help users manage items in a database with the ability to add, remove, or change the ammount of specific items. The app contained a login screen, database, and system notifications. The project also required desigining a relevant user interface to support the code. The designs of the user interface were successful because they allowed users to login, access their personal database, and recieve notifications if desired. I approached coding the project by creating pseudocode and planning out the layout of the application before beginning the assignment. These techniques are often useful for writing code for all types of projects and can be combined with system diagrams to further provide visualization of key points to include. I tested the code by running it on an emulator and ensuring that errors were minimized and corrected so that the application would run correctly. When designing and developing the app, I overcame obstacles by checking for errors and reading through the lines associated to see if it was a simple error such as leaving out a section of coding or entering the incorrect spelling or symbol. I believe I was most successful in demonstrating my skills and knowledge on mobile application development with the layout I created; while the coding contained errors due to not correctly following the instructions, the layout of the application represented the intended purpose of the finalized project.
